Adds get script language API (#1565)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _opensearch/rest-api/_script-apis/get-script-language.md

---
layout: default
title: Get Script Language
parent: Script APIs
grand_parent: REST API reference
nav_order: 6
---

## Get script language

> Retrieves all supported script languages and their contexts.

Reviewer: Can we make this a complete sentence?

    "inline",
    "stored"
  ],
  "language_contexts" : [
    {
      "language" : "expression",
      "contexts" : [
        "aggregation_selector",
        "aggs",
        "bucket_aggregation",
        "field",
        "filter",
        "number_sort",
        "score",
        "terms_set"
      ]
    },
    {
      "language" : "mustache",
      "contexts" : [
        "template"
      ]
    },
    {
      "language" : "opensearch_query_expression",
      "contexts" : [
        "aggs",
        "filter"
      ]
    },
    {
      "language" : "painless",
      "contexts" : [
        "aggregation_selector",
        "aggs",
        "aggs_combine",
        "aggs_init",
        "aggs_map",
        "aggs_reduce",
        "analysis",
        "bucket_aggregation",
        "field",
        "filter",
        "ingest",
        "interval",
        "moving-function",
        "number_sort",
        "painless_test",
        "processor_conditional",
        "score",
        "script_heuristic",
        "similarity",
        "similarity_weight",
        "string_sort",
        "template",
        "terms_set",
        "trigger",
        "update"
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

### Response fields

> The request contains the following response fields:

Reviewer 2: Use a period instead of a colon before tables

Author: Done - thank you

Reviewer 3: actually, it should be a colon per our style guide: https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/blob/main/STYLE_API_TEMPLATE.md

**Sample response**
Include a JSON example response to show what the API returns. See the examples below.

"The GET /sample-index1/_settings request returns the following response fields:"

Reviewer: @ariamarble @kolchfa-aws @alicejw-aws If there’s text that introduces a table, it should be a complete sentence and end with a period, not a colon.

Field | Data Type | Description | 
:--- | :--- | :---
types_allowed | List of strings | The types of scripts that are enabled, determined by the `script.allowed_types` setting. May contain `inline` and/or `stored`.

> language_contexts | List of objects | A list of objects, each of which is a map of a supported language to its available contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
language_contexts | List of objects | A list of objects, each of which maps a supported language to its available contexts.
```

language_contexts.language | String | The name of the registered scripting language.

> language_contexts.contexts | List of strings| A list of all contexts for the language, determined by the `script.allowed_contexts` setting.

Reviewer 2: Add a space after "List of strings"

Author: Done- thank you
